README.md, before:

# JewelKit-Manual
JewelKit: An Educational Plug-in for Rhino CAD. JewelKit is an educational plug-in for Rhino CAD, designed specifically for students learning CAD for the first time and for their educators.
Smart Shank Tools: Automatically snaps profile curves to the ring rail's top and bottom quadrants for high-precision modeling.
Signet Builder: Offers parametric design workflows for Oval, Rectangle, and Crest signet shapes.
3D Printing Optimized Mesh: Instantly converts 3D geometry into high-quality meshes suitable for additive manufacturing.
Material Analysis: Estimates the final weight of the piece in grams (g) based on a database of preset jewelry materials.
Quality Checklist: An integrated tool for users to self-evaluate the printability and wearability of their designs.
<h2 align="center">Video Tutorials</h2>
<table border="0">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" width="33%">
      <a href="https://youtu.be/xXWSDzo18ko">
        <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60ed8413-6f58-4dbd-912f-7ea2db12d872" width="100%" alt="Shank Tools" />
      </a>
      <br /><strong>Part 1: Shank Tools</strong>
      <p style="font-size: 0.9em;">Mastering ring rails and auto-quadrant snapping.</p>
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="33%">
      <a href="https://youtu.be/snvEI_qx5JI">
        <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf4760fb-90a6-4666-b585-cb132624dca4" width="100%" alt="Signet Builder" />
      </a>
      <br /><strong>Part 2: Signet Builder</strong>
      <p style="font-size: 0.9em;">Parametric workflows for Oval, Rect, and Crest shapes.</p>
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="33%">
      <a href="https://youtu.be/PKJaxNBoaRY">
        <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c4467ae0-66f0-4d52-8d6c-2e6e69aee333" width="100%" alt="Mesh & Analysis" />
      </a>
      <br /><strong>Part 3: Mesh & Analysis</strong>
      <p style="font-size: 0.9em;">Weight estimation and printability checklists.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Expand README with Shank & Rail Tools and Signet Ring Builder
Added new sections for Shank & Rail Tools and Signet Ring Builder in the README.

README.md, after:

# JewelKit-Manual
JewelKit: An Educational Plug-in for Rhino CAD. JewelKit is an educational plug-in for Rhino CAD, designed specifically for students learning CAD for the first time and for their educators.
Smart Shank Tools: Automatically snaps profile curves to the ring rail's top and bottom quadrants for high-precision modeling.
Signet Builder: Offers parametric design workflows for Oval, Rectangle, and Crest signet shapes.
3D Printing Optimized Mesh: Instantly converts 3D geometry into high-quality meshes suitable for additive manufacturing.
Material Analysis: Estimates the final weight of the piece in grams (g) based on a database of preset jewelry materials.
Quality Checklist: An integrated tool for users to self-evaluate the printability and wearability of their designs.

Shank & Rail Tools
JK_CreateRail: Generates the foundational ring rail based on international sizing standards.
JK_CreateProfile: Places the cross-sectional profile curves onto the rail's quadrants.
JK_CreateShank: Sweeps the profiles along the rail to generate the 3D shank geometry.
Signet Ring Builder
JK_SignetGuides: Instantly creates the parametric guide curves for Oval, Rectangle, or Crest shapes.
JK_SignetSolid: Builds the 3D solid body of the signet ring from the active guides.
JK_CreateCutter: Generates the cylindrical cutting object for the finger hole.
JK_CutHole: Executes the final Boolean operation to finish the ring.
Manufacturing & Analysis
JK_CreateMesh: Converts the design into a high-density mesh optimized for 3D printing.
JK_Weight: Opens the material density calculator to estimate the final weight in grams.

<h2 align="center">Video Tutorials</h2>
<table border="0">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" width="33%">
      <a href="https://youtu.be/xXWSDzo18ko">
        <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60ed8413-6f58-4dbd-912f-7ea2db12d872" width="100%" alt="Shank Tools" />
      </a>
      <br /><strong>Part 1: Shank Tools</strong>
      <p style="font-size: 0.9em;">Mastering ring rails and auto-quadrant snapping.</p>
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="33%">
      <a href="https://youtu.be/snvEI_qx5JI">
        <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf4760fb-90a6-4666-b585-cb132624dca4" width="100%" alt="Signet Builder" />
      </a>
      <br /><strong>Part 2: Signet Builder</strong>
      <p style="font-size: 0.9em;">Parametric workflows for Oval, Rect, and Crest shapes.</p>
    </td>
    <td align="center" width="33%">
      <a href="https://youtu.be/PKJaxNBoaRY">
        <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c4467ae0-66f0-4d52-8d6c-2e6e69aee333" width="100%" alt="Mesh & Analysis" />
      </a>
      <br /><strong>Part 3: Mesh & Analysis</strong>
      <p style="font-size: 0.9em;">Weight estimation and printability checklists.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
